Dear Friend ; Thank-you for your interest in our publication 
. If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our club ! This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1816 ; Title 
3 ; Section 304 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich within 97 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed the baby 
boomers are more demanding than their parents & people 
love convenience ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting 
time by 160% plus sell more ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Mr Jones of 
Florida tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked 
for me" ! We are licensed to operate in all states 
. We IMPLORE you - act now . Sign up a friend and you 
get half off ! Thanks . Dear Colleague , This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you ! This is 
a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2216 , Title 4 , Section 
302 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich as few as 46 
months ! Have you ever noticed more people than ever 
are surfing the web and society seems to be moving 
faster and faster . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep & deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
. But don't believe us . Mr Ames of New Mexico tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" ! This offer is 100% legal . Don't delay - 
order today ! Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too ! Thanks ! Dear Sir or Madam , This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you ! We will 
comply with all removal requests ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1626 ; Title 9 
, Section 309 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich within 87 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed how many 
people you know are on the Internet and how long the 
line-ups are at bank machines ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you sell more 
& SELL MORE ! You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk . But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson 
of Delaware tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" ! This offer is 100% 
legal . We implore you - act now ! Sign up a friend 
and you get half off ! God Bless ! 